So, welcome to the first Haskell Dev Room at Fozdem and thank you for coming.
We have a great lineup of speakers today on a diverse range of topics and a bunch of the
topics are really aimed at newcomers to Haskell or people who haven't been programming Haskell
for very long. So, please encourage people you know here at Fozdem to come along. I believe
that there is a live stream, there is a matrix chat room where you can put questions or discuss
the topics and we're going to have a raffle at the end of the Dev Room. We will hand out raffle
tickets to people who are new to Haskell. So, the prizes, we have three copies of
Graham Hutton's programming in Haskell, second edition and we have the booby prize,
Jara Vegumite from my native country. We have stickers up the front here, come and grab some
stickers to adorn your laptops or books or whatever you like. We have a lot, we have a lot of stickers
so feel free to take a handful if you want. The first talk will be in just a few minutes
so I will introduce the speaker in a couple of minutes. Thank you.